docs: add faq answer for using oss or ent release for agents (#32442)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/includes/ent-vs-community-faq.mdx

> Teleport Team, Enterprise, and Enterprise cloud customers should use the Enterprise release of the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Teleport Team, Enterprise, and Enterprise Cloud customers should use the Enterprise release of the 
```

> `teleport` binary for agents. Running the non-Enterprise release could result in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`teleport` binary for agents. Running the Community Edition binary could result in
```
